# **WebBridge License Agreement**

This source code is being disclosed to you solely for the purpose of reviewing and testing WebBridge (the “Purpose”).  The terms and conditions of this notice apply to all access to and use of the WebBridge code (the “Code”).  Your access to and use of the Code are conditioned upon your agreement to abide by the terms and conditions of this notice.  If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you must not access or use the Code.

Subject to your compliance with this notice, you may download, view, compile and run the Code solely for the Purpose.  You may not do anything else with the Code without prior express written permission from Duality Blockchain Solutions LLC (“Duality”).  For example, you may not reproduce, modify, distribute, or publish the Code (or any part of it), or incorporate the Code (or any part of it) into any other program or code, or use the Code (or any part of it) in any product or service, whether for the purpose of developing or forming another public or private blockchain network or otherwise.  You may not alter or remove any proprietary notices in the Code.  Duality reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Code, including all patent, copyright, and other intellectual property rights therein throughout the world.

***THE CODE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” “WITH ALL FAULTS,” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE.  DUALITY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  YOUR USE OF THE CODE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DUALITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES, OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CODE OR THE USE OF THE CODE.***

****Copyright © 2020-present Duality Blockchain Solutions LLC. All rights reserved.****